[MTM-52969]: Announcement about a breaking change related to 'totalPages' statistic removal (#205)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-18-0/announcements-10-18-0.md

The return code will still be 204 if the control can be returned immediately.
This change is required to make the API consistent with the HTTP protocol semantics (asynchronous request).

##### Breaking change in all REST APIs
As announced with [release 10.17](/release-10-17-0/announcements-10-17-0), as of release 10.19+, 

> a `totalPages` statistics value are not be returned for REST API requests without search criteria by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `totalPages` statistics value by default is no longer returned for REST API requests without search criteria.
```

A `withTotalPages=true` parameter has to be explicitly provided to the requests when `totalPages` is expected.

For example:

> `GET /user/users?pageSize=1000` does not return `totalPages` statistic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /user/users?pageSize=1000` does not return `totalPages` statistics.
```

> `GET /user/users?withTotalPages=true` does return `totalPages` statistic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GET /user/users?withTotalPages=true` does return `totalPages` statistics.
```
